I'm a genius perfect
so runaway app here's say we're
surprising one of our biggest fan a
friend Marc in was a facebook creator
filmmaker hit us up and asked if it was
surprised one of his friends was a huge
fan of yes theory of course we said yes
the plan is that we're going to take her
out of my comfort zone so she's going to
live a true yes Theory day let's go
hello oh I'm excited I remember I
brought up yes Jerry somehow when we
were filming a few together in Chile I
love yes theory I told them these these
guys about the idea and hopefully going
to be a good surprise okay so I'm
pretending that we're making a video
together I'm her and I she doesn't know
anything about this
hello I have this really cool video idea
and I think first I'll come pick you up
[Music]
yeah yeah it's like pretty simple
authority do I think you should pretend
that you're about to drive like Daniel
to get a driver's seat and then we'll be
back here I could tell her to open the
trunk and I'm as I'm filming her like oh
you open the chance for a quick scene
and then you guys are in the trunk first
basins or washing should be under the
tarp yeah she is
all I can see it's not bad it should be
- listen we're not poking in it
later just scared we are yes tea they
hide to the bar or you give me a hug
nice to see you thank you - I actually
borrowed this car real quick and I need
to get up one big thing for another
video so do you want to just stand here
folks pinch them so what I want you to
do go up to the trunk it's open and open
it up and like pretending you're going
to grab something
I surprised yeah Martin told us that you
watch the school we figured we come here
and take you out on a little adventure
okay that's all out of our comfort zones
a little bit not even have a driver's
license in my car firstly I was
wondering Samuel is the first what is
the first video you've watched yesterday
oh my god I watched the one where you
suck into the Oscar party and I called
my roommate and I was like we're doing
this and they spent like everyone's
video is so exciting we said we wanted
this for a while for excruciating repair
planas we do something that would get us
all out of our comfort zones together
something that we've never tried
something that she's never tried what if
you go for a huge crowd of people extra
as loud as you pop oh yeah true yes
better accessibility bug in the Rope
yeah I told you to store all the night
okay yeah I walked roughly from the
checkout isn't like this look at
everybody and then just about everybody
walk out wait it gets nervous telescopes
[Music]
[Applause]
yourself honey
I think I said no way anyone else with
that never came up with a cream that
allows someone goes home and house
apparently lovely but I thought oh my
god
so [ __ ] is so bad so Martinez got to go
to Starbucks except for him
sorry unfortunate can't have you been
used even here in this well I think
these two things I thought I was like
these guys went up and did what was
asked of them now Jess theory sir how I
got mad it's just like I tell you and
then we just go friend such terrible all
the time no all right I see a group of
cheering coming the tailgate how's it go
I have a challenge for you guys
what if we all laugh as hard as we
possibly can at nothing just like you're
crazy slap right here right now let's go
yeah come on come on come on you can do
it yeah someone's gonna play along ago
hilarious I have a challenge for you
link run right now we're gonna do our
craziest laps we're just gonna burst out
laughing for no reason all right ready
ready oh my god I really laughed it out
because Thomas wasn't able to come with
us he had a lot of editing to do so
we're gonna all head back to Venice show
Sammy the s3 headquarter and have her
and Thomas meet
you've had like the best performance the
crews so awkward yes sure let's go to
run say hi it's a very appropriate
welcome welcome pedestrian Haldar yeah
[Music]
when we came back with Tamia we had two
fans that drove all the way from
Missouri somehow they figured out where
we live and they showed up these two
dudes drove all the way from Missouri
came to Kansas and road-tripped all the
way to LA for what reason
pretty much to see you guys for us to
see my name is Davis ro I'm 18 this is
my best friend we just came here because
we wanted to have like the best trip
ever
so we tried to fit in like everything we
ever wanted to do in the direction of
west from Kansas how would you say like
the biggest takeaway from the road trip
is what's like the thing you've just
like realized listen here optimism just
seems to make things happen
shout it for sure we we've been told
almost everything we've done on this
trip including a half bag yeah but I
love that take away because and that
happens every time people will tell you
it's not possible
and you go out and then you just realize
oh wait what more is possible now like
I've done this what's the next thing I'm
gonna yeah you just keep pushing until
its release for sure Marshall it's
really just get out of it we're just
very grateful that we could be
connecting with people that watch yes
Barry we can have Sammy here with us
today you can have Davis and Dyson we
just showed up out of nowhere but we're
very very grateful to have people like
to be able to interact with people that
way it's not just like oh just a one-way
thing we love hearing people's stories
and we love having you guys here so
thank you for joining us today and
really good thank you
oh great - you guys get families bye
thank you so much have a great time
[Music]
[Applause]